# CS-340-Client-Server-Development.
- How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future? 
* I wrote the programs using functions to perform different actions and adding comments to the lines of code to explain what the code is doing. I used functions to make them modular and reusable, easy to change such that changes are only done at one place. Having functions makes the code modularization and reusable and easy to maintain 
- How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests
* I approached the problems encountered by researching online to find solutions of bugs and reading thorough the documentations to understand how the different libraries are used.I also watched videos to see how some of the codes are used where I did not understand when reading the documentations or blogs
- What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better? 
* They create software that can perform exact computations that are time-consuming and prone to error at speeds that people simply cannot attain manually. They create products that facilitate better work and life for both individuals and enterprises.
